I had so many good experiences in the navy there are so many things we
did were fine and exciting and and when I look back on them I I just
can't imagine that I got to participate in that I got to fire weapons
I've never have a chance to fire before I fired several thousand
rounds through an M. sixty machine gun at how many people get to say
they got to do that I was blessed in a lot of ways but never have
you fired a human being so I don't have the kind of moral issues a lot
of guys but back with them shot and killed people I did that was
fun it was fun when we were down at homestead Air Force base when we
designed and ran our very own he survey of how the people on that base
we're being treated by their organization to how the navy was doing
by the cryptologist that was fun at was fun thing to do and got
us a good reputation actually when we got ready to leave the base we
were accused of not being reservist being some kind of sneaky people
from the management group were just pretending to be your service
so they could come to the service so so that that was fun I've been
on all kinds of ships I've been all kinds of aircraft I've been in helicopter
rides it would take me a lifetime because the fun I've had